docs: samples: mss: Update docs to match sysbuild overlays (#15767)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * Handling of L4 disconnect where CoAP connection is paused and socket is kept open, then resumed when L4 reconnects.
    * Checking in CoAP FOTA and shadow polling threads to improve recovery from communications failures.

>   * Changed:

Reviewer: since this is just one item, i don't think it needs a heading.
i believe `Updated:` is the standard heading when there are multiple items.
i don't know if there are any actual rules about this or just convention.

Reviewer 2: Fully agree with Justin.

    * Handling of L4 disconnect where CoAP connection is paused and socket is kept open, then resumed when L4 reconnects.

>     * Checking in CoAP FOTA and shadow polling threads to improve recovery from communications failures.
> 
>   * Wi-Fi and external-flash builds now require additional sysbuild overlays.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Checking in CoAP FOTA and shadow polling threads to improve recovery from communications failures.
    * Sysbuild overlays for Wi-Fi and external-flash builds.
```
